[Music]
Phoebe kale salad I'm on page 134
chain-of-command doesn't apply to other
military contractors in the field I
don't see why it should apply to us
caprese sandwich when they're in actual
combat whom exactly do your heroes
report to same person as always me spicy
chicken cilantro wrath subheading 16 we
need a top secret Yankee white
designation for compound B I'm stayin
only one man okay is that you want to
stroll into the Oval Office and start
barking orders oh yes half our own
heroes don't know they have compound B
in their veins you want China finding it
[Music]
this one best efforts to limit
collateral damage we'd prefer stronger
wording well at standard language for
our New York contract la Chicago exactly
what casualty allowance are we looking
at here officially
zero of course but cone of silence
34% veggie frittata moving go with model
might listen okay to carry my business
image it deal in Tibet Chirac terrible
idea
hey Jim litter man I never stick it in
[Music]
you